Add rfc/ReadMe.md (#57)
yaml/yaml-spec: rfc/ReadMe.md

YAML Spec RFCs
==============

The planning for the upcoming versions of the YAML Specification is being facilitated by public Request For Comment (RFC) documents.
Currently the YAML core group is working on YAML versions 1.5 and 2.0.
All RFC documents, regardless of their intended target version, will reside in this directory.

RFCs start out as pull requests.
When an RFC pull request is merged to master, it is assigned a permanent RFC #.

> The core group has about 50 ideas that are being worked into RFCs.
> Anybody can submit an RFC PR, but it might be wise to wait until the initial entries are submitted.
> 
> When an RFC becomes permanent, it also will be assigned a discussion link.
> We'll be using GitHub Issues initially.
> 
> Discussion of an RFC should wait until the RFC becomes permanent.
> In other words, it is best to hold off commenting while the RFC is still a PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anyone is welcome to submit an RFC as a PR, but it might make sense to file an issue to discuss it first.
The core group has about 50 ideas that are being worked into RFCs; these are being submitted as proposals, which may get initially merged with little public discussion.

When an RFC becomes permanent, it also will be assigned a discussion link.
We'll be using GitHub Issues initially.
```

The no-commenting-until-filed makes sense for the stuff we've discussed previously, but for PRs submitted by the community we do want to discuss them as they come in, right?

Please keep comments brief and to the point.

> Thumbs up and down won't have an effect on the outcome of the RFC or its comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contentless opinions such as thumbs up and down or "+1" comments will not have an effect on the outcome of an RFC.
```

==============

The planning for the upcoming versions of the YAML Specification is being facilitated by public Request For Comment (RFC) documents.

> Currently the [YAML core team](https://github.com/orgs/yaml/teams/core/members) is working on YAML versions 1.5 and 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently the YAML core group is working on YAML versions 1.5 and 2.0.
```

The GH team link doesn't work for non-org members.
